Hello.
My name is Doctor Mei Cao.
I will be teaching SMGT 370--
Logistics, Supply Chain
Management, and
Sustainability.
I'm an Associate Professor of
Transportation and Logistics
at the University of
Wisconsin-Superior.
At UWS, I teach Supply Chain
Management, Advanced Supply
Chain Management, Land
Transportation, Aero
Transportation, Business
Statistics, and Quantitative
Models for Protection and
Operations Management.
SMGT 370 is about supply
chain management.
What is supply chain
management?
What am I going to try
and teach you in
this particular course?
Supply chain management has
been one of the strongest
growing fields in business
management in the United
States over the past 30 years.
Companies like Walmart have
achieved award dominance not
because of low prices but
because supply chain
management allows them to
get those low prices.
So the real question is how do
they do this and how do they
accomplish that?
I intend in this course to
teach you the concepts,
functions, processes, and
objectives of supply chain
management.
It covers activities involved
in physically moving raw
materials, inventory, and
finished goods from point of
origin to point of use
or consumption.
There's purchasing, operations,
logistics, and
integrating these processes
across the whole supply chain.
Then I'm going to add a
component that's not normally
added to the supply chain
management, and that's
creating sustainable supply
chain management operations.
With sustainable supply chain
management operations, you
gain an economic advantage
and you gain a
environmental advantage.
I'm going to talk about
these processes.
Well, it isn't just a matter of
giving you the information.
I'm going to assess how well
you learned it and how well
you integrated these
principles.
By participating in SMGT 370,
you should be able to know how
supply chains operate and their
management, and how
supply chain management impacts
all of the areas and
processes of a firm and its
supply chain partners, and how
managers can improve their
firm's competitive [INAUDIBLE]
by employing the practices
we learn in this course.
And you should be able to know
what is the relationship
between supply chain
management and the
sustainability and how
sustainability management can
generate revenue and reduce
cost for organization.